Updated broken link + included a guide (#7091)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/index.md

With Optimistic rollups, transactions are written to the main Ethereum chain as `calldata`, optimising them further by reducing the gas cost.

> As computation is the slow, expensive part of using Ethereum, Optimistic rollups can offer up to 10-100x improvements in scalability dependent on the transaction. This number will increase even more with the introduction of [shard chains](https://www.alchemy.com/overviews/ethereum-sharding-an-introduction-to-blockchain-sharding) as more data will be available if a transaction is disputed.

Reviewer: Thanks for the idea, but we'd like to continue to link internally here 👌 

```suggestion
As computation is the slow, expensive part of using Ethereum, Optimistic rollups can offer up to 10-100x improvements in scalability dependent on the transaction. This number will increase even more with the introduction of [shard chains](/upgrades/shard-chains) as more data will be available if a transaction is disputed.
```

**Optimistic rollups reading**

> - [How do Optimistic roll-ups work | The complete guide](https://www.alchemy.com/overviews/optimistic-rollups) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [How do optimistic rollups work: the complete guide](https://www.alchemy.com/overviews/optimistic-rollups) 
```
